How about it? You should agree to cooperate with me this time, right?
Where does this bank opening come from?
Is there a password on the bank entrance?
And the solid group is still ours?
No matter what, you don't want me to believe it,
A ragged hand can take out one!
No, don’t play!
Promise me to cooperate is the background,
I can't help me!
How about I move back into yours?
Not to mention the unknown origin of this idea!
Even if it’s really yours!
In my eyes, the difficulty is in Linjia’s eyes!
Count it, don’t you know?
It's hard for me to keep my fortune
Song Jun, did you get your money illegally?
If you don't believe it
You can call Natural Guan and check it out.
There's nothing I can do
Where did you get so much money?
My mother gave it to him
Mom, your mother wasn’t there when you were little
Didn't he disappear when he ran away from home?
He came back later
And he is somewhat capable now
A woman who caress about her temper
How can I be patient?
My mother is somewhat related now
It's difficult for people, but it's expensive. Now you have to listen to him.
Difficulty is expensive but it’s nothing
One word can make the whole hurt expensive.
It's a big deal if you give me face because of the difficulty, kid
But before you can take out a leaf and try
Regardless of how this one came
You finally have something you can do
I will let you go today.